Access review v2 api (#9935)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/accessreviewscheduledefinition-create.md

---
title: "Create accessReviewScheduleDefinition"

> description: "In the Azure AD access reviews feature, create a new accessReviewScheduleDefinition object."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Create a new accessReviewScheduleDefinition object."
```

localization_priority: Normal
author: "isabelleatmsft"
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Create accessReviewScheduleDefinition

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> In the Azure AD [access reviews](../resources/accessreviewsv2-root.md) feature, create a new [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md) object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md) object.
```

## Permissions

> One of the following permissions is required to call this API. Delegated permissions to personal Microsoft accounts are not supported. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).
```

|Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|

> |Delegated (work or school account)     | AccessReview.ReadWrite.All  |

Reviewer: Add this row:

|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|

|Application                            | AccessReview.ReadWrite.All |

> The signed in user must also be in a directory role that permits them to create an access review.  For more details, see the role and permission requirements for [access reviews](../resources/accessreviewsv2-root.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The signed-in user must also be in a directory role that permits them to create an access review.  For more details, see the role and permission requirements for [access reviews](../resources/accessreviewsv2-root.md).
```

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /identityGovernance/accessReviews/definitions
```
## Request headers
| Name         | Description |

> |:-------------|:------------|

Reviewer: |Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

| Content-type | application/json. Required. |

## Request body
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of an [accessReview](../resources/accessreview.md) object.

The following table shows the properties accepted to create an accessReview.

> | Property     | Type       | Required | Description |

Reviewer: I would suggest removing the Required column and putting that in the description.
```suggestion
| Property | Type | Description |
```

> |:-------------|:------------|:-----|:------------|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|
```

> | `displayName`             |`String`                     | Yes       | Name of access review series.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| displayName | String | Name of access review series.|
```

> | `descriptionForAdmins`    |`string`                     | Yes        | Context of the review provided to admins. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| descriptionForAdmins | string | Context of the review provided to admins. Required. |
```

> | `descriptionForReviewers` |`string`                     | Yes        | Context of the review provided to reviewers. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  descriptionForReviewers | string | Context of the review provided to reviewers. Required. |
```

> | `scope`                   |`microsoft.graph.accessReviewScope` | Yes | Defines scope of users reviewed in a group. See  [accessReviewScope](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md). | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| scope |  [accessReviewScope](accessreviewscope.md) | Defines the scope of users reviewed in a group. See  [accessReviewScope](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md). Required.| 
```

> | `instanceEnumerationScope`|`microsoft.graph.accessReviewScope` | No | In the case of an all groups review, this determines the scope of which groups will be reviewed. See [accessReviewScope](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md). | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| instanceEnumerationScope | [accessReviewScope](accessreviewscope.md) | In the case of an all groups review, this determines the scope of which groups will be reviewed. See [accessReviewScope](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md). | 
```

> | `settings`                |`microsoft.graph.accessReviewScheduleSettings`| No | The settings for an access review series. Recurrence is determined here. See [accessReviewScheduleSettings](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| settings` | [accessReviewScheduleSettings](../resources/accessreviewschedulesettings.md)| No | The settings for an access review series. Recurrence is determined here. See [accessReviewScheduleSettings](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md). |
```

> | `reviewers`               |`Collection(microsoft.graph.accessReviewReviewerScope)`| No | Defines who the reviewers are. If none are specified, the review will be a self-review (users reviewed review their own access). See [accessReviewReviewerScope](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| reviewers | [accessReviewReviewerScope](../resources/accessreviewreviewerscope.md) | Defines who the reviewers are. If none are specified, the review is a self-review (users reviewed review their own access). See [accessReviewReviewerScope](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md). |
```

## Response
If successful, this method returns a `201, Created` response code and an [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md) object in the response body.

> ## Example 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples
```

<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "create_accessReviewScheduleDefinition"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/accessReviews
Content-type: application/json

{
  "displayName": "Test create",
  "descriptionForAdmins": "New scheduled access review",
  "descriptionForReviewers": "If you have any questions, contact jerry@contoso.com",
  "scope": {
    "query": "/groups/b7a059cb-038a-4802-8fc9-b9d1ed0c4444/transitiveMembers",
    "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
  },
  "reviewers": [
    {
      "query": "/users/7eae4444-d425-48b2-adf2-3c777f6256f3",
      "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph",
      "queryRoot": "decisions"
    }
  ],
  "settings": {
    "mailNotificationsEnabled": true,
    "reminderNotificationsEnabled": true,
    "justificationRequiredOnApproval": true,
    "defaultDecisionEnabled": false,
    "defaultDecision": "None",
    "instanceDurationInDays": 1,
    "autoApplyDecisionsEnabled": false,
    "recommendationsEnabled": true,
    "recurrence": {
      "pattern": {
        "type": "weekly",
        "interval": 1
      },
      "range": {
        "type": "noEnd",
        "startDate": "2020-09-08T12:02:30.667Z"
      }
    },
    "applyActions": [
      {

>         "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.disableAndDeleteUserApplyAction"

Reviewer 2: You didn't mention this at the top of what the review example did.  This is a pretty significant effect of this review, so I suggest not including it in the example.  We don't want to have a customer copy-pasting hte example and inadvertnatly deleting guests.

```
## Request headers
| Name         | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
| Content-type | application/json. Required. |

## Request body
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of an [accessReview](../resources/accessreview.md) object.

The following table shows the properties accepted to create an accessReview.

| Property | Type | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|
| displayName | String | Name of access review series. Required.|
| descriptionForAdmins | string | Context of the review provided to admins. Required. |
  descriptionForReviewers | string | Context of the review provided to reviewers. Required. |
| scope | [accessReviewScope](../resources/accessreviewscope.md) | Defines the scope of users reviewed in a group. See  [accessReviewScope](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md). Required.| 
| instanceEnumerationScope | [accessReviewScope](../resources/accessreviewscope.md) | In the case of an all groups review, this determines the scope of which groups will be reviewed. See [accessReviewScope](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md). | 

> | settings | [accessReviewScheduleSettings](../resources/accessreviewschedulesettings.md)| No | The settings for an access review series. Recurrence is determined here. See [accessReviewScheduleSettings](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md). |

Reviewer 2: What does the "No" mean here?

Author: Remnants of a deleted column - thanks for catching

| reviewers | [accessReviewReviewerScope](../resources/accessreviewreviewerscope.md) collection | Defines who the reviewers are. If none are specified, the review is a self-review (users reviewed review their own access). See [accessReviewReviewerScope](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md). |

## Response
If successful, this method returns a `201, Created` response code and an [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md) object in the response body.

## Examples

> This is an example of creating an access review series with a specific user as the reviewer. The review reviews all members of a specific group. It recurs weekly.

Reviewer 2: to make it clearer to the reader you might want to say something like,

with a specific user, whose user object ID is 7eae444    ...  all members of a specific group, whose object ID is b7a05 ...

so that they can tell which of those GUIDs are parameters they should change to the values from their own tenant, and not "magic" strings.

### Request
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md) object.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "create_accessReviewScheduleDefinition"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/accessReviews
Content-type: application/json

{
  "displayName": "Test create",

>   "descriptionForAdmins": "Test create",

Reviewer 2: Maybe use a different string for each
